Pagmo: evolutionary global optimization & multi-obj (#1956)
openturns/openturns: python/doc/usecases/use_case_branin.rst

   f(x_1, x_2) = f_{Branin}(x_1, x_2) + \epsilon

> where :math:`\epsilon` is a random variable with gaussian distribution with a constant variance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where :math:`\epsilon` is a Gaussian random variable with variance :math:`\sigma_{\epsilon} = 0.1`.
```

> 
> .. math::
>    \sigma_{\epsilon} = 0.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
